

I am interested in programming mainly because I'm interested in technology and the power that comes with it. what do I mean by the power of technology which I belive programming is part of. let me tell a short story to explain this. Where I come from a lot of people don't know their birthdays, even people my age, and I'm 34. Hospitals and other public servises don't have a systematic data retaining and processing systems. Sensitive and important informations are recorded on papers which usually be distroyed by natural and man made disasters. when that happens, the informations are gonna forever. There  is no technology to back them up. Even if the above mentioned reason is my main driving factor, I belive I'll also enjoy the wide varity of job opportunites and flexibility that a computer programming career gives me.

My next two year plans are to finish my associate of science degree in electrical and commputer engineering and start a career in any company that helps me farther my knowledge of programming. My five year goal is to get my four year degree and start working for a company who uses technology to help improve developing countries.

I had a chance to go to college right after I graduated highschool. In my country, it was one in a million chance. I droped out because I tought I had other better options than going to college in some rural town. Fifteen years later, I am still in college trying to get that degree I walked away from. What I have learned from that experience is that if something is worth starting , it is also worth finishing. 

I have tought myself digital and graphic design.
I have learned how to use adobe photoshop and illustrater mostly by watching a free you tube tutorials and reading some very good books. Later after I got very comfortable with adobe photoshop and illustrater I was be able to create my own designs and ended up having my own tshirt printing business. I have also tought myself how to craft, make hand made cards for different kinds of occasions by watching you tube tutorial videos and reading craft books. 

